PRODUCT:{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang16393{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
PRODUCT:{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.16299}\viewkind4\uc1 
PRODUCT:\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 mia1 or motog5s plus who is better.?\par
PRODUCT:does it have the themes option like other mi phones?\par
PRODUCT:this mi A1 hava infrared sensor \par
PRODUCT:does this phone is better than Samsung on max\par
PRODUCT:can phone record time lapse and slow motion recording\par
PRODUCT:does this phone have direct video calling facilities?\par
PRODUCT:does it support screen mirroring\par
PRODUCT:this phone support video call from call dialer ?......without any video call app\par
PRODUCT:Does this phone support VR devices ?\par
PRODUCT:Can you please give me this free?\par
PRODUCT:mi a1 has metal body\par
PRODUCT:Does this phone support finger print scanner?\par
PRODUCT:is it have. LED notification light\par
PRODUCT:Does the Mi A1 has a compass sensor?\par
PRODUCT:does this phone has otg supported or not\par
PRODUCT:Does this phone have Gorilla Glass Protection?\par
PRODUCT:Are both the SIM Slots 4G enabled?\par
PRODUCT:does it have gyro sensor?\par
PRODUCT:how is Speaker?loud n clear?\par
PRODUCT:speaker is clear and loud\par
PRODUCT:both the sim slots in this phone are 4G enabled.\par
PRODUCT:Mi A1 has Corning Gorilla Glass\par
PRODUCT:otg support.\par
PRODUCT:this phone has finger print scanner\par
PRODUCT:It runs on Stock Android and not MiUi so it doesn't have a theme store. You can install different launchers from the Play Store and Icon Packs to change the look and feel.\par
PRODUCT:Does the Mi A1 has a compass sensor?\par
PRODUCT:does this phone has otg supported or not\par
PRODUCT:Yes, otg support.\par
PRODUCT:can phone record time lapse and slow motion recording\par
PRODUCT:Yes. It can record videos in 720p at 60fps.\par
PRODUCT:Who doesn\rquote t love taking pictures with their phone. With the Moto G5 Plus, you get camera technology that is usually reserved for flagship-grade devices. Shots from the Moto G5 Plus will be truly worth showing off. If that wasn't cool enough, you\rquote ll also be able to record 4K videos.\par
PRODUCT:Like the rear camera, the front camera of the Moto G5 Plus is also pretty good at its job. Besides the slew of additional features, you also get professional mode that lets you take selfies like a pro.\par
PRODUCT:It\rquote s all about style. The new Moto G5 Plus comes with a high-grade aluminium body that looks and feels great. You also get two colour variants to choose from depending on your taste.\par
PRODUCT:There is a fine line between displays that are too small to be enjoyed, and too large to be used. The Moto G5 Plus straddles this line with aplomb. To ensure that you don\rquote t accidentally crack the screen, the display is protected with Gorilla Glass 3.\par
PRODUCT:To ensure that there are no hiccups while using the phone, the Moto G5 Plus comes with a processor that is powerful enough to handle multiple tasks. Not only that, the processor is also pretty efficient, ensuring the battery lasts longer.\par
PRODUCT:Octa Core Processor\par
PRODUCT:There\rquote s Always a Choice\par
PRODUCT:It\rquote s always good to have options. The Moto G5 Plus is available in two variants with varying amounts of RAM and storage. So, you can choose one based on your needs and requirements.\par
PRODUCT:To ensure that you don\rquote t run out of juice halfway through your day, the Moto G5 Plus offers a powerful battery. However, that\rquote s not all. With the Moto\rquote s own TurboPower fast charging, you\rquote ll be able to top up the battery in no time.\par
PRODUCT:Sometimes, phones can get a little confusing. With the G5 Plus, Moto has made the experience a lot simpler via Moto Experiences. This will allow you to lock and unlock the phone via the fingerprint sensor, or even activate features via gestures.\par
PRODUCT:Stock Android\par
PRODUCT:With the Moto G5 Plus, you get a stock Android experience. This means no unnecessary bloatware. You also get the Android Nougat 7.0 operating system that offers multi-windows support and an improved version of Doze.\par
PRODUCT:The fingerprint reader works like a charm. Sharp display. Really cool camera. Google voice assist is very responsive. Reliance Jio works seamlessly. \par
PRODUCT:Buy the lunar grey. Its better looking. Have purchased both.\par
PRODUCT:i m confused between nokia 6 and moto g5 plus......5.5 screen size and moto g5 plus combination i want\par
PRODUCT:does it support 2 sim card with sd card at same time ?\par
PRODUCT:does it has Google assistant?\par
PRODUCT:can both 4g sim be used simultaneously?\par
PRODUCT:i am confused between red mi note 4 and this model moto gs5 plus..which one i shild buy..plzz do suggest soon\par
PRODUCT:will it get nougat update ?\par
PRODUCT:Is it runs on stock android??\par
PRODUCT:does it really have that much of a heating problem ???\par
PRODUCT:Which is best lenovo k8 note or moto g5 plus or redmi 4\par
PRODUCT:I heard that there is a microphone issue is it solved yet ?\par
PRODUCT:Does it supports OTG\par
PRODUCT:is it upgradeble to Android OS sys?\par
PRODUCT:does this phone support reliance jio?\par
PRODUCT:Is it support Slow motion video recording..??\par
PRODUCT:does this phone support volte????\par
PRODUCT:I am confused between moto g5 plus and vivo v7 plus plz suggest..\par
PRODUCT:Moto G5 Plus is excellent in this segment. it's camera is great. Mobile works very smooth performance battery backup is great. fast charging feature is best. perfect buy I like the Moto mobile's\par
PRODUCT:moto g5plus what relation lenovo?\par
PRODUCT:Motorola was the major handset maker in past but 3 years ago it was purchased by Google. after some time Google sold Motorola to Chinese company Lenovo. Now Motorola's Parent Company is Lenovo.\par
PRODUCT:is it volte\par
PRODUCT:does jio calling is offline in it\par
PRODUCT:we can use to fingerprint scanner to lock the apps?\par
PRODUCT:we can just use fingerprint to lock my phone.\par
PRODUCT:Motorola used to come up with the latest updates more promptly than others. However, off late, since Lenovo has taken over the Motorola Co., latest Oreo should not be expected before atleast Nov 2017.\par
PRODUCT:Does moto G5S Plus have compass sensor?\par
PRODUCT:any information about Oreo updation?\par
PRODUCT:Does moto G5S Plus have compass sensor?\par
PRODUCT:can this device support vr??\par
PRODUCT:does this phone come with volte\par
PRODUCT:Does Moto G5 plus have magnetic compass also?\par
PRODUCT:does it wireless display function inbuilt or with chromecast\par
PRODUCT:is it support OTG ?\par
PRODUCT:G5 Plus can only send the screen picture but your TV can receive it only through Chromecast.\par
PRODUCT:what is weight\par
PRODUCT:Too light and comfortable for a mobile, about 150 Grams\par
PRODUCT:does this device have the feature of net speed meter??\par
PRODUCT:No , and it doesn't have magnetic compass feature also. please try to fix both.\par
PRODUCT:6 GB RAM | 64 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 2 TB\par
PRODUCT:5.2 inch Full HD Display\par
PRODUCT:12MP + 8MP Dual Rear Camera | 16MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:3000 mAh Battery\par
PRODUCT:Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Processor\par
PRODUCT:Android 8.0 Oreo\par
PRODUCT:The Moto X4 runs on the Android 8.0 Oreo OS and offers an enhanced mobile experience while its 64 GB of internal storage space that can expanded to up to 2 TB using a microSD card ensures you never miss carrying your entertainment with you.\par
PRODUCT:Meet the Moto X4 - the smartphone that takes your mobile experience to the next level. With an IP68 rating and a metal body, the Moto X4 boasts of durability and good looks. The Moto Actions make everyday interaction more convenient while Qualcomm Snapdragon processor ensures a lag-free performance.\par
PRODUCT:Glass and Metal Design\par
PRODUCT:Its elegant contoured design, with Corning Gorilla Glass, is as good looking as it is protective.\par
PRODUCT:Water-resistant with IP68 Rating\par
PRODUCT:Don\rquote t worry about accidental spills, splashes or puddles ruining its performance.\par
PRODUCT:Handset, User Manual, Headset, 15W Turbo Charger and USB Cable\par
PRODUCT:Model Number\par
PRODUCT:XT1900-2\par
PRODUCT:Model Name\par
PRODUCT:Moto X4\par
PRODUCT:Color\par
PRODUCT:Sterling Blue\par
PRODUCT:Browse Type\par
PRODUCT:Smartphones\par
PRODUCT:SIM Type\par
PRODUCT:Dual Sim\par
PRODUCT:Product is awesome.... Just u fill the mobile in ur hand..... It's really a gr8 product by Motorola.... This review is just after 4 hours.... \par
PRODUCT:Pros:\par
PRODUCT:Excellent body.... Metal\par
PRODUCT:Smooth touch...\par
PRODUCT:Camera is too good.... U can able to take picture in low light areas.... Front with flash is added advantage.... Back one with dual one is good.... U have many options to click the snaps....\par
PRODUCT:Type C UBS charger is excellent.... It took only 40 minute to charge from 32% to 100%\par
PRODUCT:IP68 is excelle...\par
PRODUCT:Dual Apps or second space available?\par
PRODUCT:Moto X4 ships with Moto pure OS - which is very close to stock android with some enhancements. The dual apps feature is not part of this.\par
PRODUCT:Does Moto X4 support Jio SIM?\par
PRODUCT:Does Moto X4 come with Gorilla glass protection?\par
PRODUCT:Does Moto X4 come with Gorilla glass protection?\par
PRODUCT:Gorilla Glass 3 for both front and back\par
PRODUCT:Does Moto X4 come with a turbo charger?\par
PRODUCT:Can we screen mirror it?\par
PRODUCT:Does it have infrared?\par
PRODUCT:The phone comes with a 15W Turbocharger. You can get upto 6 hours of power from 15 min charging\par
PRODUCT:Screen mirroring can work through 3rd party streaming devices like Chromecast, etc.\par
PRODUCT:6 GB RAM | 64 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 2 TB\par
PRODUCT:5.2 inch Full HD Display\par
PRODUCT:12MP + 8MP Dual Rear Camera | 16MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:3000 mAh Battery\par
PRODUCT:Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Processor\par
PRODUCT:Android 8.0 Oreo\par
PRODUCT:Handset, User Manual, Headset, 15W Turbo Charger and USB Cable\par
PRODUCT:Model Number\par
PRODUCT:XT1900-2\par
PRODUCT:Model Name\par
PRODUCT:Moto X4\par
PRODUCT:Color\par
PRODUCT:Super Black\par
PRODUCT:Browse Type\par
PRODUCT:Smartphones\par
PRODUCT:SIM Type\par
PRODUCT:Dual Sim\par
PRODUCT:4 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB\par
PRODUCT:5.2 inch Full HD Display\par
PRODUCT:12MP Rear Camera | 5MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:3000 mAh Battery\par
PRODUCT:Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 Octa Core 2GHz Processor\par
PRODUCT:Meet the Moto G5 Plus - the smartphone that boasts of performance and power. Powered by a 2.0 GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor and 3000 mAh battery, along with TurboPower technology, this Moto mobile offers a glitch-free performance all day long.\par
PRODUCT:3 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB\par
PRODUCT:5.5 inch HD Display\par
PRODUCT:13MP Rear Camera | 5MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:5000 mAh Li-Ion Polymer Battery\par
PRODUCT:MediaTek MTK6737 1.3GHz Processor\par
PRODUCT:Android Nougat 7.1.1 | Stock Android Version\par
PRODUCT:Front Fingerprint Sensor\par
PRODUCT:Dedicated SD Card Slot\par
PRODUCT:Front and Rear Flash\par
PRODUCT:Moto brings to you the E4 Plus - a smartphone that\rquote s powered by a long-lasting 5000 mAh battery. Packed with a 13 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front camera, the Moto E4 Plus helps you take flaunt-worthy photos. It runs on Android 7.1 Nougat, and features Google Assistant for a seamless user experience. The 13.97 cm (5.5) HD display of this smartphone breathes life into all your visuals. Its fingerprint scanner not only helps you unlock this smartphone quickly, but also keeps your private data truly private. With a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor and 4G support, this dual-SIM smartphone offers a powerful performance. Adding further to your convenience is the Moto Display feature that helps you check your notifications and updates quickly even when the phone is locked.\par
PRODUCT:moto e4\par
PRODUCT:moto e3\par
PRODUCT:moto e2\par
PRODUCT:Moto brings to you the E4 Plus - a smartphone that\rquote s powered by a long-lasting 5000 mAh battery. Packed with a 13 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front camera, the Moto E4 Plus helps you take flaunt-worthy photos. It runs on Android 7.1 Nougat, and features Google Assistant for a seamless user experience. The 13.97 cm (5.5) HD display of this smartphone breathes life into all your visuals. Its fingerprint scanner not only helps you unlock this smartphone quickly, but also keeps your private data truly private. With a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor and 4G support, this dual-SIM smartphone offers a powerful performance. Adding further to your convenience is the Moto Display feature that helps you check your notifications and updates quickly even when the phone is locked.\par
PRODUCT:Moto brings to you the E4 Plus - a smartphone that\rquote s powered by a long-lasting 5000 mAh battery. Packed with a 13 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front camera, the Moto E4 Plus helps you take flaunt-worthy photos. It runs on Android 7.1 Nougat, and features Google Assistant for a seamless user experience. The 13.97 cm (5.5) HD display of this smartphone breathes life into all your visuals. Its fingerprint scanner not only helps you unlock this smartphone quickly, but also keeps your private data truly private. With a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor and 4G support, this dual-SIM smartphone offers a powerful performance. Adding further to your convenience is the Moto Display feature that helps you check your notifications and updates quickly even when the phone is locked.\par
PRODUCT:Handset, 10W Rapid Charger, USB Cable, Headset\par
PRODUCT:Model Number\par
PRODUCT:XT1770\par
PRODUCT:Model Name\par
PRODUCT:Moto E4 Plus\par
PRODUCT:Color\par
PRODUCT:Fine Gold\par
PRODUCT:Browse Type\par
PRODUCT:Smartphones\par
PRODUCT:SIM Type\par
PRODUCT:Dual Sim\par
PRODUCT:PROS:-\par
PRODUCT:price - main pros is its price \par
PRODUCT:built - built quality is really nice \par
PRODUCT:display - it has 720p hd display which is very good at this price \par
PRODUCT:battery - battery is good easily. If u r very heavy user it will easily last for 1 day . Normal and medium user it will last to 1.5 to 2 days \par
PRODUCT:speaker - speaker is nice because of placement of speaker with dolby atmos which will givd u crisp sound\par
PRODUCT:charging - charging time i.\par
PRODUCT:is this 2sim+memory card or 1sim+memory card?\par
PRODUCT:friends 5000 mah battery? Yes or No...\par
PRODUCT:which phone is good Redmi 4 or moto e4\par
PRODUCT:go for Moto e4 plus if you want 1)latest Android 7.1.1 nougat 2) exceptional battery life Buy redmi 4 if u want 1) good processor snapdragon 435 Moto e4 plus=4.5 / 5 , redmi 4= 4.25 / 5\par
PRODUCT:does it have led notification\par
PRODUCT:can i know about the heating of phone and does this have both 4g sim slot with volte\par
PRODUCT:yes, if you charge the phone some times heat normally but no problem in heat. yes, moto e4 plus support both 4g sim slot with volte.\par
PRODUCT:4g 3g 2g\par
PRODUCT:4g 3g 2g \par
PRODUCT:Can we use 2 sim cards n sd card at the same time.... Also I heard the phone is little heavy\par
PRODUCT:how many ram of moto e4 plus\par
PRODUCT:moto e4 plus is weather proof?\par
PRODUCT:This is a Excllent product. 1.Dis gd.looking phne. 2.Both camera r nice 2 keep 4 some beauty pics. 3.Hug 5k Mah battery is satisfactory 4 using mobile 4 longer time. 4.Os 7.1 naught is latest 4 mobile\par
PRODUCT:hows the battery..\par
PRODUCT:quick charge support?\par
PRODUCT:my friend said it has hybrid slot?\par
PRODUCT:Please help with any major or minor flaws you came across after using this phone?\par
PRODUCT:Please help with any major or minor flaws you came across after using this phone?\par
PRODUCT:Please help with any major or minor flaws you came across after using this phone?\par
PRODUCT:Please help with any major or minor flaws you came across after using this phone?\par
PRODUCT:mobile have 2 sim slot and another memory slot?\par
PRODUCT:does it has Gorilla glass...?\par
PRODUCT:2 GB RAM | 16 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 32 GB\par
PRODUCT:5 inch HD Display\par
PRODUCT:8MP Rear Camera | 2MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:4000 mAh Battery\par
PRODUCT:Mediatek MTK6737 Quad Core 1.3Ghz Processor\par
PRODUCT:Android Nougat 7.0 | Stock Android Version\par
PRODUCT:Front and Rear Flash\par
PRODUCT:does it have three slots? two for sim and one for memory card?\par
PRODUCT:is this 4G phone\par
PRODUCT:is this 3G phone\par
PRODUCT:is this 3G phone\par
PRODUCT:is this 3G phone\par
PRODUCT:is this 2G phone\par
PRODUCT:does the rear flash works\par
PRODUCT:does the battery has 4000 mah\par
PRODUCT:headphone are there or not?\par
PRODUCT:can support Indian multi languages\par
PRODUCT:Multimedia option is there or not\par
PRODUCT:Redmi 5A (Rose Gold, 16 GB)  (2 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:2 GB RAM | 16 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB\par
PRODUCT:5 inch HD Display\par
PRODUCT:13MP Rear Camera | 5MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:3000 mAh Li-polymer Battery\par
PRODUCT:Qualcomm Snapdragon 425 Processor\par
PRODUCT:Redmi 5A boasts of a beautiful fully-laminated 12.7 cm (5) HD display. Upto 8 days standby time with 3000 mAh Battery.Take gorgeous group photos and scenic shots on the all-new Redmi 5A. It is equipped with a fast focusing 13MP camera that helps you capture sharp and crisp photos.Qualcomm's Snapdragon 425 64-bit quad-core processor is great for daily use and performs well even when you're playing visually intensive games.\par
PRODUCT:Upgrade to the Redmi 5A smartphone that boasts a fully-laminated HD display. Play games, watch videos, and much more on this phone, as it is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 425 processor. Take advantage of its 13 MP camera with PDAF and capture scenic shots and gorgeous group photos. It houses a 3000 mAh battery that gives you a standby time of up to 8 days.\par
PRODUCT:View everything in high-definition on its beautiful fully-laminated HD display. Also, the Reading mode, that filters out the blue light, protects your vision and reduces eye fatigue.\par
PRODUCT:Battery\par
PRODUCT:It is powered by a 3000 mAh battery. This is coupled with the MIUI system-level power optimisation feature for efficient power usage. You can get up to 8 days of standby time, 7 hours of video playback and 6 hours of gaming.\par
PRODUCT:4a or 5a is good\par
PRODUCT:which phone is better from redmi y1 lite or redmi 5a\par
PRODUCT:Redmi 5A\par
PRODUCT:does redmi5a 4g support volte\par
PRODUCT:Yes, Xiaomi Redmi 5A supsports 4G and VoLTE.\par
PRODUCT:does mi 5a support duel 4g sim?\par
PRODUCT:Is this phone support 4g volte also jio sim\par
PRODUCT:what does battery\par
PRODUCT:Samsung Galaxy On Nxt (Black, 64 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:3 GB RAM | 64 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 256 GB\par
PRODUCT:5.5 inch Full HD Display\par
PRODUCT:13MP Rear Camera | 8MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:3300 mAh Li-Ion Battery\par
PRODUCT:Exynos 7870 Octa Core 1.6GHz Processor\par
PRODUCT:3 GB RAM | 64 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 256 GB\par
PRODUCT:5.5 inch Full HD Display\par
PRODUCT:13MP Rear Camera | 8MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:3300 mAh Li-Ion Battery\par
PRODUCT:Exynos 7870 Octa Core 1.6GHz Processor\par
PRODUCT:3 GB RAM | 64 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 256 GB\par
PRODUCT:5.5 inch Full HD Display\par
PRODUCT:13MP Rear Camera | 8MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:3300 mAh Li-Ion Battery\par
PRODUCT:Exynos 7870 Octa Core 1.6GHz Processor\par
PRODUCT:Flaunt your style with the Samsung Galaxy On Nxt\par
PRODUCT:can get andriod update 7.\par
PRODUCT:it this upgradable...? for nogat 7.0 android\par
PRODUCT:it this upgradable...? for nogat 7.0 android\par
PRODUCT:it has fingerprint scaaner?\par
PRODUCT:can we make out going calls directly or jioapp is required to make calls\par
PRODUCT:any issue for battery and hang problem..?\par
PRODUCT:any issue for battery and hang problem..?\par
PRODUCT:any issue for battery and hang problem..?\par
PRODUCT:any issue for battery and hang problem..?\par
PRODUCT:any issue for battery and hang problem..?\par
PRODUCT:memory card slot is there or not\par
PRODUCT:this phone a heating problem????\par
PRODUCT:this phone a heating problem????\par
PRODUCT:this phone a heating problem????\par
PRODUCT:this phone a heating problem????\par
PRODUCT:Is this phone has 64 gb internal memory\par
PRODUCT:Is this phone has 64 gb internal memory\par
PRODUCT:Is this phone has 64 gb internal memory\par
PRODUCT:Is this phone has 64 gb internal memory\par
PRODUCT:does this phone has hotspot facility?\par
PRODUCT:yes, it have the facility\par
PRODUCT:does this phone has hotspot facility?\par
PRODUCT:yes, it have the facility\par
PRODUCT:I Kall K 55  (Blue)\par
PRODUCT:I Kall K 55  (Blue)\par
PRODUCT:I Kall K 55  (Blue)\par
PRODUCT:I Kall K 55  (Blue)\par
PRODUCT:32 MB RAM | 64 MB ROM |\par
PRODUCT:1.8 inch Display\par
PRODUCT:0.3MP Rear Camera\par
PRODUCT:1000 mAh Battery\par
PRODUCT:auto call recoding ?\par
PRODUCT:is this phone support SD card?\par
PRODUCT:How type of performance\par
PRODUCT:What is the SAR value of this mobile?\par
PRODUCT:What is the SAR value of this mobile?\par
PRODUCT:What is the SAR value of this mobile?\par
PRODUCT:What is the SAR value of this mobile?\par
PRODUCT:What is the SAR value of this mobile?\par
PRODUCT:is there tamil language in it?\par
PRODUCT:is there tamil language in it?\par
PRODUCT:is there tamil language in it?\par
PRODUCT:is there tamil language in it?\par
PRODUCT:how to manage ringing tone\par
PRODUCT:how to manage ringing tone\par
PRODUCT:how to manage ringing tone\par
PRODUCT:does it give earphone with it?\par
PRODUCT:does it give earphone with it?\par
PRODUCT:Samsung Galaxy On Nxt (Gold, 64 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Samsung Galaxy On Nxt (Gold, 64 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Samsung Galaxy On Nxt (Gold, 64 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Samsung Galaxy On Nxt (Gold, 64 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Smartron t.phone P (Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Smartron t.phone P (Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Smartron t.phone P (Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Smartron t.phone P (Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:3 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB\par
PRODUCT:5.2 inch HD Display\par
PRODUCT:13MP Rear Camera | 5MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:5000 mAh Lithium-Ion Polymer Battery\par
PRODUCT:Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 Octa Core Processor\par
PRODUCT:Rear Fingerprint Sensor\par
PRODUCT:OTG Reverse Charging Support\par
PRODUCT:1000 GB of t-cloud Storage\par
PRODUCT:Android Nougat 7.1.13 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB\par
PRODUCT:5.2 inch HD Display\par
PRODUCT:13MP Rear Camera | 5MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:5000 mAh Lithium-Ion Polymer Battery\par
PRODUCT:Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 Octa Core Processor\par
PRODUCT:Rear Fingerprint Sensor\par
PRODUCT:OTG Reverse Charging Support\par
PRODUCT:1000 GB of t-cloud Storage\par
PRODUCT:Android Nougat 7.1.1\par
PRODUCT:Powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 octa-core processor, the Qualcomm Adreno 505 GPU and 3 GB of RAM, this smartphone ensures that your apps and games load quickly without much lag.\par
PRODUCT:Powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 octa-core processor, the Qualcomm Adreno 505 GPU and 3 GB of RAM, this smartphone ensures that your apps and games load quickly without much lag.\par
PRODUCT:Powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 octa-core processor, the Qualcomm Adreno 505 GPU and 3 GB of RAM, this smartphone ensures that your apps and games load quickly without much lag.\par
PRODUCT:Don\rquote t worry about deleting your old pictures and videos to make room for new ones, as this smartphone comes with a 32 GB internal memory which can be expandable up to 128 GB. Also, it comes with 1000 GB free t-cloud storage.\par
PRODUCT:Don\rquote t worry about deleting your old pictures and videos to make room for new ones, as this smartphone comes with a 32 GB internal memory which can be expandable up to 128 GB. Also, it comes with 1000 GB free t-cloud storage.\par
PRODUCT:Don\rquote t worry about deleting your old pictures and videos to make room for new ones, as this smartphone comes with a 32 GB internal memory which can be expandable up to 128 GB. Also, it comes with 1000 GB free t-cloud storage.\par
PRODUCT:Can we configure the fingerprint sensor for any more functions?\par
PRODUCT:Yes, this has a cool feature to configure the fingerprint sensor to take pictures or answer calls.\par
PRODUCT:Can we configure the fingerprint sensor for any more functions?\par
PRODUCT:Yes, this has a cool feature to configure the fingerprint sensor to take pictures or answer calls.\par
PRODUCT:Can we configure the fingerprint sensor for any more functions?\par
PRODUCT:Yes, this has a cool feature to configure the fingerprint sensor to take pictures or answer calls.\par
PRODUCT:Does this have a fingerprint reader/sensor?\par
PRODUCT:Does this have a fingerprint reader/sensor?\par
PRODUCT:Does this have a fingerprint reader/sensor?\par
PRODUCT:Do both SIM slots support 4G?\par
PRODUCT:Can the battery be removed?\par
PRODUCT:Can the battery be removed?\par
PRODUCT:Can the battery be removed?\par
PRODUCT:Can the battery be removed?\par
PRODUCT:Can the battery be removed?\par
PRODUCT:Will this work with JIO SIM / connection?\par
PRODUCT:Will this work with JIO SIM / connection?\par
PRODUCT:How good is the front/selfie camera?\par
PRODUCT:How good is the front/selfie camera?\par
PRODUCT:Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:3 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB\par
PRODUCT:5.2 inch Full HD Display\par
PRODUCT:13MP + 5MP Dual Rear Camera | 8MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:4000 mAh Battery\par
PRODUCT:MediaTek MTK Helio P25 Octa Core 2.5 GHz Processor\par
PRODUCT:Android Nougat 7.1.1 | Stock Android Version\par
PRODUCT:Fingerprint Sensor\par
PRODUCT:4G VoLTE Available\par
PRODUCT:3 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB\par
PRODUCT:5.2 inch Full HD Display\par
PRODUCT:13MP + 5MP Dual Rear Camera | 8MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:4000 mAh Battery\par
PRODUCT:MediaTek MTK Helio P25 Octa Core 2.5 GHz Processor\par
PRODUCT:Android Nougat 7.1.1 | Stock Android Version\par
PRODUCT:Fingerprint Sensor\par
PRODUCT:4G VoLTE Available\par
PRODUCT:hello sir can be possible 2 sim and 1 memory card used at a time in this mobile\par
PRODUCT:Its have dolby atoms.?\par
PRODUCT:is this mobile contain selfie flash?\par
PRODUCT:iVooMi i1 (Jade Black, 16 GB)  (2 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:iVooMi i1 (Jade Black, 16 GB)  (2 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:iVooMi i1 (Jade Black, 16 GB)  (2 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:iVooMi i1 (Jade Black, 16 GB)  (2 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Mediatek 4X Cortex-A53 Processor\par
PRODUCT:Mediatek 4X Cortex-A53 Processor\par
PRODUCT:Mediatek 4X Cortex-A53 Processor\par
PRODUCT:What is the inbuilt memory\par
PRODUCT:What is the inbuilt memory\par
PRODUCT:What is 18:9 screen ratio\par
PRODUCT:Asus Zenfone 3s Max (Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Asus Zenfone 3s Max (Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Asus Zenfone 3s Max (Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Asus Zenfone 3s Max (Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Asus Zenfone 3s Max (Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Asus Zenfone 3s Max (Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Asus Zenfone 3s Max (Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:3s max supports VoLTE network or not\par
PRODUCT:3s max supports VoLTE network or not\par
PRODUCT:OPPO Mobile phones\par
PRODUCT:OPPO Mobile phones\par
PRODUCT:OPPO Mobile phones\par
PRODUCT:OPPO Mobile phones\par
PRODUCT:Oppo f3 \par
PRODUCT:Oppo f3 OPPO A57 (Gold, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM) OPPO A57 (Gold, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM) OPPO A57 (Gold, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:which should i buy oppo a37 or a57? which is better!\par
PRODUCT:which should i buy oppo a37 or a57? which is better!\par
PRODUCT:which should i buy oppo a37 or a57? which is better!\par
PRODUCT:Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel 2 (Just Black, 64 GB)  (4 GB RAM) Google Pixel 2 (Just Black, 64 GB)  (4 GB RAM) Google Pixel 2 (Just Black, 64 GB)  (4 GB RAM) Google Pixel 2 (Just Black, 64 GB)  (4 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:4 GB RAM | 64 GB ROM |\par
PRODUCT:5.0 inch Full HD Display\par
PRODUCT:12.2MP Rear Camera | 8MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:2700 mAh Battery\par
PRODUCT:Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 64-bit Octa Core Processor\par
PRODUCT:Android Oreo 8.0.1 | Stock Android Version\par
PRODUCT:Free Unlimited Storage in Google Photos\par
PRODUCT:Water Resistant\par
PRODUCT:It\rquote s not without good reason that the Pixel 2 stands amongst the smartphone elite. Featuring a smart rear camera with dual-pixel autofocus coupled with optical and electronic image stabilisation, taking stunning pictures in any light is effortless. The fast-charging battery lasts longer and lets you stay connected all day long. Wrap up your tasks throughout the day with the built-in Google Assistant.\par
PRODUCT:Capturing gorgeous pictures is made easy with the Pixel 2. Transform the way you take pictures and savour your favourite moments, including new ways to spruce up your photos with the AR stickers.\par
PRODUCT:Handset, USB Type-C 18W Adapter with USB-PD, C-C Cable (USB 2.0), SIM Tool, Quick Switch Adapter, 3.5 mm to USB-C Earbud Adapter\par
PRODUCT:Model Number\par
PRODUCT:GA00155-IN\par
PRODUCT:Model Name\par
PRODUCT:Pixel 2\par
PRODUCT:Color\par
PRODUCT:Just Black\par
PRODUCT:Browse Type\par
PRODUCT:Smartphones\par
PRODUCT:Is this a mobile phone ? Is this a mobile phone ? Is this a mobile phone ?\par
PRODUCT:does it have potrait mode does it have potrait mode does it have potrait mode does it have potrait mode\par
PRODUCT:do i get sennhiser headset free with the phone.....?? do i get sennhiser headset free with the phone.....?? do i get sennhiser headset free with the phone.....?? do i get sennhiser headset free with the phone.....?? do i get sennhiser headset free with the phone.....?? do i get sennhiser headset free with the phone.....??\par
PRODUCT:is it have face lock is it have face lock is it have face lock\par
PRODUCT:Does the box pack contain earphones or a jack extension ?\par
PRODUCT:Does the box pack contain earphones or a jack extension ?\par
PRODUCT:Does the box pack contain earphones or a jack extension ? Does the box pack contain earphones or a jack extension ?\par
PRODUCT:I'm not sure but can we make calls with this 50000 device ?\par
PRODUCT:I'm not sure but can we make calls with this 50000 device ?\par
PRODUCT:Which one is good 1+5T or pixel 2?? i feel pixel 2 is expansive even in offers. which one i should go for?\par
PRODUCT:Overall OnePlus 5T gives value for money. Pixel2 beats OnePlus 5T in terms of Security, Updates, and Camera. I upgraded from Oneplus 3 to Pixel 2 mainly because of Security reasons. Which one is good 1+5T or pixel 2?? i feel pixel 2 is expansive even in offers. which one i should go for?\par
PRODUCT:Overall OnePlus 5T gives value for money. Pixel2 beats OnePlus 5T in terms of Security, Updates, and Camera. I upgraded from Oneplus 3 to Pixel 2 mainly because of Security reasons. Which one is good 1+5T or pixel 2?? i feel pixel 2 is expansive even in offers. which one i should go for?\par
PRODUCT:Overall OnePlus 5T gives value for money. Pixel2 beats OnePlus 5T in terms of Security, Updates, and Camera. I upgraded from Oneplus 3 to Pixel 2 mainly because of Security reasons. Which one is good 1+5T or pixel 2?? i feel pixel 2 is expansive even in offers. which one i should go for?\par
PRODUCT:Overall OnePlus 5T gives value for money. Pixel2 beats OnePlus 5T in terms of Security, Updates, and Camera. I upgraded from Oneplus 3 to Pixel 2 mainly because of Security reasons.\par
PRODUCT:How is the battery performance of this device ? Battery used to last for only 18 hours with my previous Pixel device. Want to know the same about pixel 2.\par
PRODUCT:On my kind of usage it lasts for a day. The avg. SoT stay between 4:30 to 5hrs How is the battery performance of this device ? Battery used to last for only 18 hours with my previous Pixel device. Want to know the same about pixel 2.\par
PRODUCT:On my kind of usage it lasts for a day. The avg. SoT stay between 4:30 to 5hrs How is the battery performance of this device ? Battery used to last for only 18 hours with my previous Pixel device. Want to know the same about pixel 2.\par
PRODUCT:On my kind of usage it lasts for a day. The avg. SoT stay between 4:30 to 5hrs\par
PRODUCT:is it worth for this price. I don't think...?\par
PRODUCT:Panasonic Eluga A3 (Grey, 16 GB)  (3 GB RAM) Panasonic Eluga A3 (Grey, 16 GB)  (3 GB RAM) Panasonic Eluga A3 (Grey, 16 GB)  (3 GB RAM) Panasonic Eluga A3 (Grey, 16 GB)  (3 GB RAM) Panasonic Eluga A3 (Grey, 16 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:3 GB RAM | 16 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB\par
PRODUCT:5.2 inch HD Display\par
PRODUCT:13MP Rear Camera | 8MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:4000 mAh Li-ion Polymer Battery\par
PRODUCT:MediaTek MTK6737 Quad Core 1.25 GHz Processor\par
PRODUCT:Front Fingerprint Sensor\par
PRODUCT:Android - Nougat 3 GB RAM | 16 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB\par
PRODUCT:5.2 inch HD Display\par
PRODUCT:13MP Rear Camera | 8MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:4000 mAh Li-ion Polymer Battery\par
PRODUCT:MediaTek MTK6737 Quad Core 1.25 GHz Processor\par
PRODUCT:Front Fingerprint Sensor\par
PRODUCT:Android - Nougat\par
PRODUCT:Is battery removal? Is battery removal? Is battery removal?\par
PRODUCT:Panasonic P99 (Black, 16 GB)  (2 GB RAM) Panasonic P99 (Black, 16 GB)  (2 GB RAM) \par
PRODUCT:Panasonic P77 (Grey, 16 GB)  (1 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Does this phone support Bluetooth?\par
PRODUCT:Does this phone support Bluetooth?\par
PRODUCT:Is the battery removable?\par
PRODUCT:No, the battery is non removable\par
PRODUCT:Panasonic P55 Max (Champagne Gold, 16 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Panasonic P55 Max (Champagne Gold, 16 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Does the phone comes with in box headphones?\par
PRODUCT:Does the phone comes with in box headphones?\par
PRODUCT:Does the phone comes with in box headphones?\par
PRODUCT:Does the phone comes with in box headphones?\par
PRODUCT:VIVO V7 (Matte Black, 32 GB)  (4 GB RAM) VIVO V7 (Matte Black, 32 GB)  (4 GB RAM) VIVO V7 (Matte Black, 32 GB)  (4 GB RAM) VIVO V7 (Matte Black, 32 GB)  (4 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:4 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 256 GB\par
PRODUCT:5.7 inch HD Display\par
PRODUCT:16MP Rear Camera | 24MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:3000 mAh Li-ion Battery\par
PRODUCT:Qualcomm Snapdragon 450 Octa Core 1.8 GHz Processor\par
PRODUCT:FullView (18:9) Display\par
PRODUCT:Android Nougat 7.1\par
PRODUCT:Fingerprint Sensor\par
PRODUCT:Dedicated SD Card Slot is it curved glass?? is it curved glass?? is it curved glass?? is it curved glass?? \par
PRODUCT:VIVO Y69 (Gold, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM) VIVO Y69 (Gold, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM) VIVO Y69 (Gold, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM) VIVO Y69 (Gold, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:Does Vivo Y69 supports notification light??\par
PRODUCT:VIVO Y55S (Grey, 16 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:VIVO Y55S (Grey, 16 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:VIVO Y55S (Grey, 16 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:OPPO F3 (Gold, 64 GB)  (4 GB RAM) OPPO F3 (Gold, 64 GB)  (4 GB RAM) OPPO F3 (Gold, 64 GB)  (4 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:OPPO A83 (Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM) OPPO A83 (Black, 32 GB)  (3 GB RAM)\par
PRODUCT:3 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 256 GB\par
PRODUCT:5.7 inch HD Display\par
PRODUCT:13MP Rear Camera | 8MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:3180 mAh Battery\par
PRODUCT:MT6763T Processor\par
PRODUCT:Apple iPad Pro 32 GB 12.9 inch with Wi-Fi Only  (Gold)\par
PRODUCT:Apple iPad Pro 32 GB 12.9 inch with Wi-Fi Only  (Gold)\par
PRODUCT:Apple iPad Pro 32 GB 12.9 inch with Wi-Fi Only  (Gold)\par
PRODUCT:Apple iPad Pro 32 GB 12.9 inch with Wi-Fi Only  (Gold)\par
PRODUCT:Sir Which model (ipad) latest launch pls ans ? Am confused,\par
PRODUCT:Sir Which model (ipad) latest launch pls ans ? Am confused,\par
PRODUCT:Apple iPhone X (Silver, 256 GB)\par
PRODUCT:Apple iPhone X (Silver, 256 GB)\par
PRODUCT:Apple iPhone X (Silver, 256 GB)\par
PRODUCT:Apple iPhone X (Silver, 256 GB)\par
PRODUCT:Apple iPhone X (Silver, 256 GB)\par
PRODUCT:Apple iPhone X (Silver, 256 GB)\par
PRODUCT:256 GB ROM |\par
PRODUCT:5.8 inch Super Retina HD Display\par
PRODUCT:12MP + 12MP Dual Rear Camera | 7MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:lithium-ion Battery\par
PRODUCT:A11 Bionic Chip with 64-bit Architecture, Neural Engine, Embedded M11 Motion Coprocessor Processor\par
PRODUCT:256 GB ROM |\par
PRODUCT:5.8 inch Super Retina HD Display\par
PRODUCT:12MP + 12MP Dual Rear Camera | 7MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:lithium-ion Battery\par
PRODUCT:A11 Bionic Chip with 64-bit Architecture, Neural Engine, Embedded M11 Motion Coprocessor Processor\par
PRODUCT:256 GB ROM |\par
PRODUCT:5.8 inch Super Retina HD Display\par
PRODUCT:12MP + 12MP Dual Rear Camera | 7MP Front Camera\par
PRODUCT:lithium-ion Battery\par
PRODUCT:A11 Bionic Chip with 64-bit Architecture, Neural Engine, Embedded M11 Motion Coprocessor Processor\par
PRODUCT:Does the face lock work in dark? Does the face lock work in dark? Does the face lock work in dark? Does the face lock work in dark?\par
PRODUCT:back body glass is in replacement after break or insurance covers it without any cost..as seen in several videos of iphone x??\par
PRODUCT:ANo, I'm pretty\par
PRODUCT:back body glass is in replacement after break or insurance covers it without any cost..as seen in several videos of iphone x??\par
PRODUCT:No, I'm pretty\par
PRODUCT:back body glass is in replacement after break or insurance covers it without any cost..as seen in several videos of iphone x??\par
PRODUCT:No, I'm pretty\par
PRODUCT:back body glass is in replacement after break or insurance covers it without any cost..as seen in several videos of iphone x??\par
PRODUCT:No, I'm pretty\par
PRODUCT:back body glass is in replacement after break or insurance covers it without any cost..as seen in several videos of iphone x??\par
PRODUCT:No, I'm pretty\par
PRODUCT:is it water proof? please share your comments\par
PRODUCT:No it is water resistant only just like Samsung s8 n s8 Plus.however if by chance it is submerged up to 6 feet for 5 mins still okay just make It dry as soon as possible.\par
PRODUCT:DrMohak ShahCertified buyer\par
PRODUCT:is it water proof? please share your comments\par
PRODUCT:No it is water resistant only just like Samsung s8 n s8 Plus.however if by chance it is submerged up to 6 feet for 5 mins still okay just make It dry as soon as possible.\par
PRODUCT:DrMohak ShahCertified buyer\par
PRODUCT:is it water proof? please share your comments\par
PRODUCT:No it is water resistant only just like Samsung s8 n s8 Plus.however if by chance it is submerged up to 6 feet for 5 mins still okay just make It dry as soon as possible.\par
PRODUCT:DrMohak ShahCertified buyer\par
PRODUCT:Does it has Color Display??\par
PRODUCT:Does it has Color Display??\par
PRODUCT:Does it has Color Display??\par
PRODUCT:Does it has Color Display??\par
PRODUCT:does it has portriat mode in front and back camera\par
PRODUCT:does it has portriat mode in front and back camera\par
PRODUCT:does it has portriat mode in front and back camera\par
PRODUCT:does it has portriat mode in front and back camera\par
PRODUCT:is this phone non worthy? 85000 for phone is useless? is this phone non worthy? 85000 for phone is useless? is this phone non worthy? 85000 for phone is useless? is this phone non worthy? 85000 for phone is useless? is this phone non worthy? 85000 for phone is useless?\par
PRODUCT:can i use this indian iphone x in uae? can i use this indian iphone x in uae?can i use this indian iphone x in uae?can i use this indian iphone x in uae?\par
PRODUCT:what it's divice waterproof tell me about\par
PRODUCT:what it's divice waterproof tell me about\par
PRODUCT:what it's divice waterproof tell me about\par
PRODUCT:what it's divice waterproof tell me about\par
PRODUCT:what it's divice waterproof tell me about\par
PRODUCT:Is it will support 5g in future\par
PRODUCT:Is it will support 5g in future\par
PRODUCT:Is it will support 5g in future\par
PRODUCT:Is it will support 5g in future\par
PRODUCT:Is it will support 5g in future\par
PRODUCT:Is it will support 5g in future\par
PRODUCT:Apple iPhone 8 Plus (Gold, 64 GB) Apple iPhone 8 Plus (Gold, 64 GB) Apple iPhone 8 Plus (Gold, 64 GB)Apple iPhone 8 Plus (Gold, 64 GB)Apple iPhone 8 Plus (Gold, 64 GB)Apple iPhone 8 Plus (Gold, 64 GB) \par
